foreign
good morning good afternoon good evening
matter we're coming from hope you all
are doing well
what's going on everybody
welcome back good to see you all love to
see you in chat hey what's going on
everybody Emma B how you been
what's going on everybody we online
let's go
super excited for tonight uh this is one
of my oh this this is like this is the
point right like everything that we've
been working towards leads up to what we
start tonight right all the hard work
all the late nights all the homework the
networking the the the coding the finger
pain the wrist pain the eye pain the
neck pain the everything is for what we
start tonight
so tonight we are laying out the hunt
all right we are laying out the hunt
what do our what does the end of our
August our September are
hunt Tober
look like
so that we can get these jobs
that's what I'm talking about that's
what I'm talking about let's go
so tonight uh will be a shorter class
hashtag End early as always and uh we
are going to lay out kind of what to
expect uh what you need to be working on
a lot of folks are Leon we're getting
towards the end of program what should
be my priorities be what should I be
focusing on day to day what should I be
building what should I be working on
we're going to answer that tonight and
then we're gonna set the expectation for
the next two months
let's go
today I was able to say I have a lecture
on a software architecture Paradigm when
someone asked do you really know coding
let's go let's go you did those MVC
lectures I see y'all let's go
are you really in here like trying to
spam your like bot service like what
that's weird get out of here
what's going on that's wild I love that
see look
that's why we do what we do
when someone asks you are you a software
engineer not only am I a software
engineer I make lectures on software
engineering
do you wanna
do you want to see my MVC lecture
do you want to see my MVC lecture come
on now am I a software engineer get out
of here I'm you don't I bet how long you
been how long you've been a software
engine I bet you don't have a lecture
where's your lecture at who you taught
I honestly you teach nobody I've been
teaching the whole Community I'm
Community taught by the way
get out of here
[Laughter]
I bet they'd never taught another person
exactly mine exactly
I taught my cat MVC let's go
let's go let's go I'm proud of y'all
that that was a lot of work and some of
you are really ran with that homework
some of you built some really cool
lectures I've been seeing them come in
[Music]
share that [__] put that stuff on your
portfolio put that on your GitHub right
when when somebody's looking at
your portfolio
and they see that you've built a whole
lecture on MVC what's going through in
their brain let's stop and think for a
second when somebody's when somebody
comes to your portfolio when they come
to your your GitHub or whatever they're
interacting with you
and they see that you've put together
lectures on topics
they know their stuff they know what
they're doing they're teaching they know
so much they're teaching other people
we're doing this stuff for a reason
folks we need to
pass that sniff test if we're gonna do
well on the hunt right we need to do
these little things that when somebody
comes and they look when they when they
give you those six seconds
right when they give you those six
seconds
right and they look and they go hmm this
question pushes code every day hmm this
person has built lectures on software
engineering principles paradigms hmm
this person has a really solid projects
this person has real clients hmm are you
going to the next round
like are are you passing that first like
are you getting past that first bar
right
absolutely yes
100 yes no recruiter no recruiter ever
got in trouble
passing the person that pushes code to
GitHub every day that has solid projects
that has built lectures on software
engineering principles they have never
gotten in trouble for pushing that
person to the next round
we're setting up a little little little
sprinkles here right we're opening
little doors right that are going to
enable us to have opportunity come our
way and
what you have to realize is that a lot
of these interviews it's a numbers game
but it's a it's an Impressions game
people are people at the end of the day
and you can play the game and today I'm
going to show you how to play the game
then you have a choice to make is that
the game you want to play
so let's get into it as always I always
like to start off uh with some some
lovely questions uh tonight we're
walking through some hundred Dev stuff
we're talking about hunttober we're
bringing back the idea that you need to
be done some stuff your professional
checklist your Hit List your interview
prep your 100 project a lot of stuff to
talk about tonight
but as always let's start off with some
questions you got questions maybe I got
some answers
thank you everybody for the for the
primes primes just lit up today that's
wild thank everybody and all those Bezos
bucks
People Are People yeah uh People Are
People we're playing a game where we're
we're we're realizing that we are we are
playing a game where there are people
that are looking at this stuff
I was told I was good at interviewing by
CTO and all I did was regurgitate my
answers from the interview questions
Banky let's go let's go Banky
hey NW Smith thank you for the gifted
Subs that's wild thank you so much
appreciate it
thank you for the win I love that
foreign
list of companies that internationally
hire
not only have we shared that list I have
a whole lecture
where I found companies that hire
globally and I found people that worked
at those companies and I showed you the
messages I would actually send them and
we're going to do it again so
as we get deeper into the hunt uh I know
that there are kind of two types of
folks well there's technically three
types of folks right so we have folks
that are going to be applying locally
which has a slightly different strategy
than folks that are applying globally
right and then there are folks that are
want to be remote only right and so
each of them has like a slightly
different process and as we get deeper
into the hunt we're gonna have
specialized material for each of those
processes so if you know you want to
stay local we're going to do a version
of me building out the hit list for
local companies we're going to do a
version of me building out the hit list
for folks that want to be hired globally
and then folks that are kind of going
for a remote only type opportunities
yeah
is it too late to join this Hunt No join
us make sure you uh you do exclamation
point 100 devs to learn about the what
we've been going on what we've been
doing and then make sure you join our
Discord we have a catch-up crew we have
new people joining us every day
cool
alrighty
so
we have some good questions I think we
got most folks in here I think we're
good
was there a raffle today I don't know
did you open the newsletter did you
check
did you check that's the point
yeah if you're new around here we have a
lot of I can see a lot of first-time
chatter it seems like a lot of folks
that are kind of new today uh do
exclamation point 100 devs that'll tell
you everything about what we've been
doing what we've been working on and
then you can join our Discord and join
our ketchup crew uh we have tons of
folks joining the program every single
day uh our Discord is 38 000 plus strong
uh you can get all your questions
answered uh we have an amazing amazing
community of folks we are Community
taught we're not self-taught around here
we're Community taught around here
cool
all right folks let's get into it thank
you for being here
if you haven't already go ahead and
check in for me please exclamation point
check in I'll give you the link for
today uh the checking in is twofold one
it lets me know that you're here and it
lets other folks find us uh we're gonna
be talking about tonight how important
checking in is as we get into post
program we need to know that you were
here how can we verify that you did the
program if we didn't know that you were
here for the program so checking in is
important please go ahead and make sure
you do that remember if you type in
exclamation point checking it doesn't
actually check you in you have to go to
the Tweet you have to like you have to
retweet it cool
I want your homework your MVC lectures
were due today please go ahead and
submit them uh some folks were saying
Leah and I did like a keynote or
something drop it on a Google Drive and
share the Google drive with me if you
didn't use like a Google doc or
something that's immediately shareable
go ahead and just put it in like a drive
and share that with me
so no stress if it's like a physical
file or just like a PDF host a PDF
somewhere yeah
cool
I want to see him we got a lot of them
already came through uh we had 300 of
them before we even went live for class
tonight which is pretty cool to see
um so yeah please get that homework in
get the MVC in I was due today would
love to see them I've been taking a peek
through them some of y'all are funny
some of y'all got jokes that's all I'm
gonna say
what if it's terrible yeah we ain't got
grades here nobody's great in this stuff
it's it's it's binary did you do it or
did you didn't quality is up to you
laughs
alrighty
not this Sunday but next Sunday is an
important day September 4th we are doing
our back end review we have one major
topic left to add to our back end which
is our authentication which we start on
Thursday then next week we will be
continuing authentication and doing a
team project building a full stack web
application once we've had a chance to
add authentication we've had a chance to
build a project together as a team we're
going to do a back end review so from
we're going to go all the way back to
the beginning
all the way back to the beginnings of
node all the way back to the things
we're talking about I don't know
promises callbacks all that fun stuff
and work our way all the way up to
building full stack web applications
together so
how long we're streaming that'll be no
idea uh but that's what we'll be doing
so book off your calendars especially if
you're new especially if you still have
some review that you would like to do
you're part of the ketchup crew this
will all be perfect for you so not this
Sunday but the following
cool
next week we will be doing team projects
uh you're a baddie uh 007 thank you so
much for the gifted Subs
I appreciate that thank you thank you
for telling me I'm a baddie every once
in a while you didn't know that you're a
baddie right
I'm a baddie and I write bad code I love
it
uh next week uh we will be doing our
team project if you would like to
participate in the team Projects please
fill out this form yes you right now
that is watching this stream if you
would like to participate in our uh in
our
in our team projects uh please go ahead
and
I fill out this form okay what we're
going to do is we're going to put groups
together uh from that form and so next
week you'll have your group from if you
filled out the form yeah
I've been having issues writing bad code
I'm starting to get kind of okay code oh
no that's great
can we participate if we're still a
beginner absolutely that's a common
question people say like Leon during
these like during these team projects
right
um during these team projects
um
during these team projects I I don't
feel like I can contribute cap that's a
lie you always kind of something
contribute you could be the person
writing the HTML you could be the person
writing the CSS you could be the person
writing the documentation you could be
the person grabbing the copy you could
be the person that trusts a little bit
in themselves and pushes to maybe do
something a little bit more than they
feel comfortable with right there's
always something to do in these team
projects and we are Community taught the
point of the projects is not to be
flashy and show out and and try and
bring in stuff that we haven't learned
yet leave all that off to the side I
don't want you doing react in these team
projects or any other [__] that we
haven't learned we're gonna take the
things that we have learned in class and
use that to build and if you've been
here in class you know how these pieces
come together you know how these things
can be shaped and bent and broken and
that's what we're gonna do together
cool
can we also pick our own team members no
I want you at new people with fresh
Minds coming together uh to to work on a
project because we're going to be doing
this quite a bit we're going to have
quite a few team projects and one of the
things that you want right
one of the things that you want
is that you want the ability to have
more peers that you know that you can
start to to get to know a little bit
better right
part of what you'll probably be looking
for is some peer references going
forward right you're going to want to be
able to say like hey I worked with this
person I know how well they they work in
a team I know that they're a good coder
right you want to start being exposed to
a few more folks in the 100 devs
Community because eventually peer peer
references are a thing right and so you
want to make sure that you're you're
kind of mixing a little bit yep
foreign
the hardest thing about team projects
you don't know if you're going to end it
with people significantly smarter stop
I that that's one of the things that
gets my goat people are not
significantly starred or smarter right
there are some folks that have the
privilege of more time that have had a
little bit of chance to work on this
more and there are some people that just
walk in with Brazen confidence and no
idea what the hell they're doing right
and so
what you want to be able to do here
right is there's a lot of like people
that are getting bannivated
I don't know what's going on but a lot
of people are getting banned immediately
coming from somewhere
um if you're spamming something over and
over again I'm just gonna ban you but
you're also getting bandivated
yeah
hair band
cool all right I like my whole thing
just like lit up with people like I
think maybe somebody rated us from
somewhere but they all just got banned
that's weird
so there's something on Twitch now which
is like if you've been banned before and
you create like a new account
um it like automatically filters out
your your stuff like I don't know if it
shows you that you that you put a
message
um but yeah like it just knows that
you're like bandivating that like you
were banned before and like now it knows
that you're being banned again it
actually doesn't know if it lets you
know that you post it maybe that's why
there is people spamming but yeah it
just blocks all of them which is weird
yeah
I haven't seen that yet I'll look into
that after
um after streaming cases being a little
weird
but yeah so one of my things is that a
lot of folks stop themselves for from
participating in team projects because
they have this idea that they don't know
enough or that they can't be helpful on
a project guess what you're going to be
doing in two months you are going to be
joining a team full of developers that
already know the entire code base that
already know way more than you already
know and guess what you still have to be
able to do provide value
you still have to be able to provide
value you every single person here is
about to join a company where they are
the person that knows the lease because
they just joined and when you join
right when you join
you are going to have to figure out how
to provide value on that job
so when you join a team of your peers
you can't have that mentality
you can't have that mentality it's
something you have to practice now right
it's something you have to practice now
it's something you have to get good at
now the reason why we do these team
projects is that by the time you're
joining the company you've battled your
demons already
right you've battled those demons
already so you gotta show up to these
team projects knowing that if you've
been here you have a means of being
helpful you have a means of writing bad
code because we're all baddies still and
if you wind up on a team that has
someone that's a little bit further
along on the roller coaster we're all on
the same freaking roller coaster maybe
there are a few seats ahead you need to
advocate for yourself and say hey I feel
like you're a little further ahead on
the roller coaster but this is still a
team project how can I be supportive
what can we do together to build this
project you have to start advocating and
communicating for yourself in these team
environments and that's why we practice
it and we're going to practice it a
couple of times because it is
hard it is something that people
struggle with it is something that
causes people anxiety right
right but it's the thing you're all
going to be doing very very soon so
we're all on the same roller coaster
some of us are a few seats ahead some of
us are a few seats behind in these team
projects figure out a way to show up to
contribute and to be helpful and if you
are the person that's a little ahead
well guess what it's your turn to help
folks and get them to where you are at
on the roller coaster we're going down
the ride and we're trying to reach back
and grab a few folks with us
Leon am I tall enough to ride this ride
you absolutely are
this is something that um comes up
I actually have a slide for it
we're gonna we're gonna skip past this
wonderful stuff and I'm gonna go right
here
there are two points
in the learning to code Journey
that are the toughest
or let's say where most people exit the
roller coaster
okay there are two spots
the first spot is day one
day one everyone's like whoo money great
job happy career high growth
uh sign me up right like that's what I
want I'm will not Leon I'll do the hard
work I'll do the hard work I'll show up
I'll do the I'll do everything like I I
want them I want and then
next class
you wanted me to do all of that you were
serious you seriously wanted me to to to
learn and to do this stuff you you like
there I gotta I gotta I gotta take I
gotta take time out of my day to learn
like I can't just like press a button
and now I'm making six figures like what
class three
gone
gone that's Shay Hal
that Shay house has destroyed more more
careers because people realize the work
they're gonna have to put in
right
I love that reading
but it it it it filters some folks right
that that that first three classes
is the signing up for the gym
right the first three classes is a
signing up for the gym it's it's
December we're oh man we're gonna we're
gonna be we're gonna be looking good
we're gonna be pumped we're gonna be
we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna
we're gonna be oh we're gonna be looking
good
January rolls around you're day one in
the gym yeah let's go I'm on the
treadmill and then
two weeks later
how do I cancel this membership you're
you're sending letters to some weird
corporate office and and who knows where
and uh
yeah
right
so
I've been in this game for 10 years
teaching boot camps for 10 years those
first two classes are people kicking the
tires that third class is when it sinks
in that holy crap I'm gonna have to do
real work
and they're gone
that's the first place we lose people
you've made it all this way
you should be immensely proud of putting
in that work that time that muscle to
build up the skills that you have how
dare you go to a team project sit down
at a table with your peers and say that
you don't have something to contribute
how dare you
you've shown up you've put in the work
you've consistently shown
that you have what it takes when so many
folks do not
so I don't care if no doesn't a hundred
percent click I don't care if you still
struggle with some CSS it doesn't matter
you're still in the game
and so the second part where I lose the
most people is today
this is where this is where mentally a
lot of people check out
because this is when it starts to get
real
right is when it starts to get real
and instead of facing the rejection
instead of facing some of the hard work
that's about to happen
right
they take themselves out the game
there's nothing worse
then taking yourself out the game
we've had people I have put the exact I
have put the exact words people have
shared on the screen that said I have
coded a button and got an 83 000 a year
job out of that interview
I have put on the screen people that
have had no technical interviews and
have gotten six-figure jobs
not me not me telling you me literally
showing you you can go look in the
celebrations Channel and see 50 other
people that have been pinned and then
people that have been popping off
recently
that have
gotten
the job
I don't care where you are if you do the
things we talk about tonight you can get
a job
it's going to be a lot it is a lot of
work to pass that sniff test to get past
the Gatekeepers takes a certain mindset
and for a lot of folks they take
themselves out of the game right before
they score the touchdown right before
they win
right right before all the things that
you've been showing up for months are
about to culminate and happen for you
they say you know what maybe I don't
know enough
maybe I I haven't done enough homework
maybe I maybe I forgot to submit a few
things maybe maybe I when I sit in these
team projects it seems like they know
more than me so that maybe means I don't
know something
these things they start to say in their
brain
right
start to say in their brain to slowly
convince themselves to take them out
take themselves out the game
they'd rather be taken out the game
then put in two more months of work and
a whole host of rejection
I know rejection's tough
I know it's hard I know that it it it it
sucks to
get those first five ten rejections in a
row right because our our Spirits get so
high when these recruiters Reach Out
and it doesn't work out
okay
all right
but don't ever take yourself out the
game always let somebody else take you
out like the I you want to be drag
Kicking and Screaming away from this
career right like that's that's what
that's what the mindset is you need to
be you you you I'm gonna keep showing
off these interviews
I don't care I'm Gonna Keep some in code
I'm going to keep doing these projects
I'm going to keep doing this and you're
gonna have to drag me away from this
career
that's it
it's a decision
I have had students of all walk shapes
sizes Creed colors it doesn't matter
I have never seen
a singular thing that has helped
somebody get a job over somebody else
other than their willingness and their
ability to want that job
that's it there is always a way always
always a way
now are you going to have to apply
remember when we say apply we don't mean
click apply to 60 different jobs yes
are you gonna have to do a lot of work
each day yes
are you gonna have to do the work that
most folks don't want to do yes but
there is a
way
so please for the love of everything you
have inside of you don't take yourself
out the game
you've put in too much time too much
work too much effort
to get in your brain and say you can't
do this because you can people have
literally gotten jobs that cannot code
I have known people that cannot code
themselves out of a brown paper bag that
have gotten phenomenal jobs
how'd they do it I'm about to show you
tonight
I'm about to show you
I've showed you already I've shown you
somebody that coded a button
[__] button and got a job
I've shown you somebody that did Fizz
buzz and got a [__] job
so how dare you say to yourself you're
not ready to get a [__] job
out there
how dare
how dare you that you're not ready
how dare you say you're not good enough
how dare you say you're not ready how
dare you say you're not gonna put in the
work after putting in all this work to
get here
nah
it's a decision and I need you to make
that decision tonight
I ain't here to play
I'm here to [__] around no more it's a
decision
either want it or you don't
that's it
cool all right we got some other things
we got to go through real quick and then
we'll get back into this
so team projects
next week you all better be there no I
don't feel comfortable no I don't I
don't know how to do the now get out of
here you all have something that you can
contribute you all have some value that
you can bring you all have the ability
to do amazing work you've been here
you have the templates you have the
receipts you're going to show up you're
going to put in work you're going to
build something awesome
cool
uh we got some jobs to celebrate uh we
we there's too many and I know that
sounds like it sounds like you know like
it's a flex but there really is too many
uh so I'm just picking some ones that
that I think were were great um but
there's plenty more in the celebrations
Channel there's way more on Twitter I'm
gonna keep trying to highlight a few
each class
um but there really are just a lot of
folks getting jobs which is which is
pretty cool because we're not even
supposed to be there yet we're not
supposed to be here yet and folks are
already bringing it through so uh let's
let's go through the path that they've
gone through uh got the job I start my
first role as a software developer next
month thank you Leon and Hunter devs
community community taught folks uh for
a truly like changing experience an
opportunity I can't believe it 100 jobs
you got this it's possible they got the
job through networking folks
uh during the summer I took the
opportunity to become a software
developer intern today every season
offer letter and got promoted to a
software developer one thanks Leon
Hunter devs for the amazing support
let's go get we don't get got we go get
community taught folks they're not
saying Leon they're saying 100 devs 100
devs Community taught
next week we're doing community projects
pull people along with you
pull people along with you if you wind
up in the group and you feel like you're
the person that knows the most guess
what your job is your job is to not
build the best software it's the it's
your job to make sure everyone else can
we get that next week's team projects
if you find yourself to be the person
that's sitting a few seats ahead in the
roller coaster your job is not to be a
flexasaurus your job is to not try and
grab some weird [__] that you learned on
a weekend by yourself it's to turn to
the other five people in that they're in
that group with you and say how do I get
you a few seats ahead on that roller
coaster that's it that's the point
you can't do that get the [__] out I
don't want you here
God there's too many of you here this is
gonna be a lot lots on my plate you
can't be a good team member you're not
committing to a community talk get the
[__] out bye it's been nice thank you
bye
all right
uh after being contacted by an inside
recruiter and going through my first
interview ever I got the job as a
software engineer I'm so happy I can't
believe it because I totally feel like I
could never get a job like that
how many of you are feeling that right
now because I totally felt like I could
never get a job like that
felt it was out of my reach
I'll be making more than my father
is making and he worked at a company for
10 plus years
my first real job I'm 18 years old I'm a
software engineer
let's go
sure I got your shirt I'll send it to
you later today
let's go
totally felt like I could never get a
job like that felt like it was out of my
reach
let's go there's a window open folks
there's a window opening you're so close
to going through it don't take yourself
out the game go through the [__]
window please please just go through the
window
any doubt that pops up in your head
shove it down now's not the time
it's game time it's the hunt
no time no room for that doubt
I showed you the trough of Sorrows the
first thing I showed you you're in The
Wiggles of false hope
it's the lowest point on the trough of
Sorrow
I'm a man I didn't put the slide on the
screen the lowest point is right now
I showed you that day one
day one day one day one
lowest point
is right now
I showed it to you day one
most people like when I show them like
yeah all right Leon well you went
through it and now's the hardest part
The Wiggles of false hope
right
The Wiggles of fossil this is where
we're at right now
you put in the work you've been showing
up you've been doing the things you're
supposed to do and now it gets real
because we have to transition from
classroom to on the job and all the
alarm Bells go off in her head nobody's
gonna pay me to do this I don't feel
like I can do this nobody nobody's gonna
ever uh think I'm a real engineer all
these things come to our brain
that's the thing I showed you day one
it's the lowest point
but we're gonna start building projects
together you're gonna start building
your 100 hours project we're going to do
hunt Tober together where we do a data
structure and algorithm question every
single day together
and slowly those Wiggles of false hope
get you to the promised land
but you're in the lowest part and I
showed it to you day one
cool
so I love that everyone
I showed you tonight and I've been
showing you from these jobs we were
getting are thanking the community we
are Community taught
there are so many of us like it's it's
not me right like yeah like I show up we
do class like fun yeah but I'm not the
person answering all the questions on
Discord I'm not the person answering all
the questions in chat I'm not the stream
team that that's that has another whole
crew of folks that are coming to help
and support right like it's a community
we built something special
and now's the time that we need to lean
on it the most I say that one more time
we built something special and now is
the time we need to lean on it the most
we know that this should be the low
point we know this is The Wiggles of
false hope be on Discord help each other
answer questions look at each other's
resumes look at each other's stuff help
each other
takes nothing from you to help
another hundred ever
all right don't take yourself out the
game
right
I don't know what it is about this point
in programming doing it for 10 years
this is where folks decide you know what
I'm not going to be successful so I'll
stop [__] that get rejected 60 times
who cares what's the difference what's
the difference
what's the difference
stopping now or getting rejected 60
times and then stopping who cares
don't reject yourself exactly you got
this
you got this
you wind up in the same place if you
take yourself out and you were to get
rejected 60 times you wind up in the
exact same place but guess what happens
that doesn't happen you learn from each
rejection you learn from each little
failure in an interview you learn how to
be a lean mean interviewing machine and
you come out of it with a job
why stop
you have the skills you have the things
and I'm gonna show you tonight if you
even if you never showed up for a class
before and this is your first class I'm
going to show you what to do and you
would get a job
that's it
you do the things we talk about tonight
you'd get a job even if you're a ketchup
crew even it's your first class
you do these things you'd get a job
what we're about to show
is a lot
and the next two months and the end of
August are unequivocally an exercise in
time management
an exercise in time management
you will have a lot to do
lots of doors to open
and I need you to go hard for two months
figuring out your schedule
not going into your days like an
accident not going into your weeks like
an accident not going into your mumps
like an accident you must plan you must
organize you must have tough
conversations with your family and
friends your friends as Dr Akama says
your friends call tell them they called
at the wrong time you got some [__] to
do for the next two months
some of you are going to talk to your
family hey these Tech these next two
months I've been working really hard
over these past few but these next two
they're going to be tough I'm gonna need
some more time
can you help me out
some of you have to delete tick tock
exactly so I'm gonna have to delete tick
tock
[Music]
it's gonna be an exercise in time
management
but you go hard
for September and October
and I guarantee you you will be
surprised in yourself how far along in
your journey you will be and how close
to a job you will be
so with that being said
let's talk about hunttober
we're building up the hunt over October
is a daily event we meet every day we do
a data structures and algorithms
together on Discord I answer questions
from the crowd about the things that
they're experiencing on the job we're
going to be looking at resumes
portfolios how to do job Outreach we'll
be talking about interview practicing
and skills we'll be doing verifications
for folks that start getting jobs
it's going to be a special time
last cohort we did Mega month and it was
really really helpful for a lot of folks
they went from really not being so much
interview ready to really interview
ready because every day we built up to
more and more complex data structures
more and more complex ways to interview
you were prepping for a whole month in
terms of like talking through coding
challenges making sure all your stuff is
buttoned up
but hunt Tober is not for everyone
hunt Tober is for folks that are ready
to get a job
you say it again October is for folks
that are ready to get a job and what
does that mean that means that it is for
folks that are ready at this point in
time to do the things they need to do to
be job ready
I went to laser focus my attention on
folks that are ready to get a job
okay
that means that this will not be public
streams this will not be like on Twitch
this will be in a private channel on
Discord uh this will be in a private
voice call on Discord
um this is something that we're going to
be focused you're gonna have special
channels where you can share your the
things that you're working on you can
share the things that you need feedback
on it will be a community of folks laser
focused on getting a job and supporting
folks to get that job
and I ain't here to play
not here to play at all
I'm gonna be putting a lot of time a lot
of energy into October
hundreds of hours why did I always do
this hundreds of hours
hundreds of hours uh into October
lots of work on my end the mods and the
communities and and I'm not here to play
so if this is something that you want
if this is something that you want to be
a part of if you're ready to get the job
well then I got a list of stuff I need
you to do
to be part of hunttober to get access to
that part of Discord to make sure that
you're in that mode where you're willing
to grind there's some things you need to
do now if you're like Leon I'm not ready
for that
I'm not ready for hunt Tober I'm kind of
still going at my own pace that's okay
there will still be a path for you like
there like this is just something
special for folks that are that have
been culminating in this in this program
so far and that are ready to get the job
it's a moment of focus it's a moment of
attention it's a moment of really making
sure folks are ready for the job
now if you're not ready for the job
that's okay still continue at your own
pace we'll be building systems for you
as well right but October is about
getting a job so here are the things I
need done
first if you want to participate in
October I need you to type I want it in
chat I want to make sure that people
actually want this before we commit so
much time and energy to it
okay
all right I think I think we're there
I see a lot I want it all right sounds
good to me
all right I want it now I'm gonna hold
you to it if you typed I want it I'm
gonna hold you to it I really really
want it I'm gonna definitely hold you to
it
people are highlighting the message I
want it let's go all right all right all
right this this might not have been uh
this might have been worth it let's go
that's why I show up folks I want you
all to get jobs and this is the best
thing I could ever see right this to me
means that the past months of time
right the past most of the time were
worth it and we have a strong community
of folks that want to be focused that
want to get jobs and that are going to
support each other in that Journey
when you type I want it it's not just
for you we are Community taught that
means you're committing to a month of
focus to help everyone get across that
finish line
let's go all right
I need to be checking in for every class
uh going forward every single class
matters right we're going to be doing
authentication we're gonna be doing
react and we're going to be doing
classes specifically tailored to the
hunt
right so if you missed one of these
classes it's going to impact you during
hunttober right so I need you to be here
for each class I need you to check in I
need you to be submitting everything
meaning that I need you to be doing the
homework homework is always going to be
due a week later the homework now like
actually really matters
right
if you don't do the homework now you'll
be hey thank you for the gift of subs
thank you for being here
look at look at some of these photos
look at some of these these ogs in chat
too DM boy how you doing
uh
I need to be checking in for each class
that means you're liking retweeting the
Tweet so I know that you're here
uh you're doing the homework meaning
that you're actually submitting the
homework
you had an MVC lecture to submit
get it in
get the lecture in I'll give you until
Thursday
get it and placed you had the whole week
I'm gonna give it to Thursday get it in
whoopsie
you said you wanted it here's what I'm
going to actually do so you'd be
checking it so I know that you're here
you're doing the homework uh there's
gonna be mainly project building that
you're doing and so I'm going to be
asking you to do the team projects to be
doing the homework
right and the reason why the homework is
important now is because it really is
setting yourself up for all the things
we need during the hunt
right the MVC lecture people like
when I when I signed it I didn't really
tell you why right A lot of people like
oh Leon wants us to build a lecture huh
that's cool but now you see the logic
right having a lecture on your portfolio
automatically makes you an expert
right we're big brain in it when
somebody is taking those six seconds to
look at your portfolio and they see that
you build lectures on stuff
come on now that they're gonna think
about you differently right they're
going to think about you differently so
all these things right all these things
are just setting you up right to to to
pass that sniff test so you can get the
job right and so the homework's really
important going forward
it's really important going forward
all right networking
I need you to bring it back
uh each week I need you to be getting
one coffee chat and three connections
every week
uh as we
as we get closer to hunt Tober
we are going to focus our networking and
you could start this now networking
doesn't have to be General networking
anymore
what we will be doing is our networking
will become focused meaning that we're
not just going to random meetups we're
not just going to random twitters what
we are doing is we are building out
where's our hit list sorry I'll get to
it a second we are building out our hit
list
right exclamation point sheet we do
exclamation point sheet and chat it
gives you the link to our hit list
so go into exclamation point sheet there
we go
hold on I'm trying to grab I'm trying to
grab the link
there we go copy link
uh so there's something really uh
cute today
uh somebody before class did uh
exclamation point sheet and then
nightbot gave them the sheet and um they
thanked knightbot for giving them the
sheet which I thought was uh pretty cool
I think they said thank you to nightbot
I was like that's precious
all right here's the sheet you all have
been doing this part of the sheet right
you've been doing like oh I've been
going to these events been putting stuff
in but boom there's this other part of
the sheet right it's not going to load
right now because there's like a
thousand plus of you trying to load it
right now but uh there's a place to put
the company the date you added it the
open roll right the open roll you are
going to find 60 companies that have an
open role
right 60 companies that are going to
find right
that are going to find that have open
rules where you can apply
right
and you're going to add them to the
sheet
so 60 companies that are hiring that it
seems like a role where you could be a
good fit you're going to add them to
your hit list
then your networking becomes targeted
you are going to find Folks at those
companies to start networking with
we're gonna have whole classes on this
whole classes on how to network how to
find these people but that's something
you can start right now find the
companies find the people that work at
those companies and that's your
networking you're going to start trying
to get coffee chats with them you're
gonna start trying to connect with them
so that when you are ready for hunt
Tober and you are ready to apply
you're getting referrals and not
clicking apply
so I need you to start
this week this week I expect one coffee
chat
next week I expect one coffee chat and
three connections
it could be General but you maybe also
want to start getting focused
60 companies with 60 rolls
yeah
yep
we've had full classes on how do you get
coffee chats you can watch some of our
earlier how to network we have a whole
class on how to network
right so if you're like what's a coffee
chat go back and watch your how to
network class
right this is often like I said the
hardest part for folks we're going to
have classes on how to find people that
work at these companies so we can well
we're gonna get there so you can do
general purpose networking if you want
until we get there but if you want to
peek ahead I have a few classes on my
YouTube about how to build Out The Hit
List how to get a job how to find these
folks I literally did it for three hours
straight building out someone's Hit List
finding the companies finding the open
rules finding the company the people
that work at that company you want to
take a peek you can go take a peek at
those
but I'm going to expect you to be
networking
cool
I need to be pushing every day
need to be pushing every day
you should be doing a coding challenge
every day already
these are things that I uh
these are these are not these are not
new things that I've been asking you to
do I've been asking to do these things
for a while so it shouldn't be like oh
Leon oh my gosh what are these what are
these things you're asking me to do now
I've been asked you to do these things
for a while
all right so you're bringing back the
networking
I want you to push every day
recruiters love those green squares they
do they do they do but more so it's
getting you in the habit of writing code
every day that by the time we're in Hunt
October
you're a lean mean writing code machine
ideally you're doing your coding
Challenge and pushing that to GitHub
right but if you're not ready for that
that's okay push a readme file I don't
give a crap push a readme file every day
for the next week for all I care and
eventually you'll start pushing real
code
cool
uh we have some other stuff that I want
us to do but we're going to take a break
here I know like holy on expectations
things to do oh boy so we're gonna take
a break we're at the top of the hour if
you're new around here we'd like to be
healthy we like to uh make sure that if
you're able that you get out move around
walk around hydrate uh and then we'll be
back I'm gonna talk through some of the
other things that we need to be doing to
get ready for hunt October like I said
this is the hardest part I showed you
day one trophy star has a little dip
down
and then The Wiggles of Foss hope but
we're bringing structure people need
structure at this point in time it's the
thing that's going to help us push us
over the edge not take ourselves at the
game we're going to do it together as a
community
cool all right let's take a break five
minutes on the clock when we come back
uh we're gonna keep pushing
[Music]
how's everyone quitting their job to do
class do you have sugar people
I love it I always ask myself please
don't quit your job if you don't have to
right like I I I I am not a proponent of
people quitting their jobs to to
interview or to get ready to interview
um
uh
I just I just think it's it's easier to
hunt when you're not worried about food
some people say it hones your hunting
skills I I think you go home hungry a
lot
when you go out the hunt anybody that's
really ever hunted you know that you
come home hungry most times so it's nice
to have some food at home
yeah I know it's harder I know it's
harder
um but I I am a big fan of trying to
whatever do whatever you can do to
increase stability
whatever you can do to increase
stability I think is a really important
thing for some folks maybe that is
quitting right maybe that does bring
more stability and time
um but I think whatever you can do to be
more stable is probably the best thing
ma'am
cool all right so we talked about
bringing some important things in you
already said you wanted it now let's
show you what you got to do to get it
right right October special Channel
special voice channels uh daily kind of
data structures and algorithms time
making sure that you are really ready to
go out on the hunt to get this job you
said you wanted it you're checking in
every class
you're doing the homework you're doing
your networking
you're pushing every day these are not
new things I've been asking you to do
this since the beginning
and we're gonna start incorporating some
very specific practice that's going to
get us job ready
okay
so first thing we're going to do this
week I need you to read about string
Methods right there is this lovely
lovely bit of reading here in the slides
that I need you to do read about the
string Methods
add them to a new Anki deck for you I
need an Anki deck that's all about
interviewing right an Anki deck just for
interviewing where you're gonna put
these new methods and then you're gonna
do code Wars around these methods
okay I'm gonna go check my baby real
quick I'll be right back I'm gonna put
three minutes on the clock
three minutes on the clock little one
just got their uh their vaccine so I
don't think they're feeling too well
three minutes o'clock take an extra
break right back
foreign
we talked about
the idea of
well we are now
did you want it you're checking in
you're doing the homework you're doing
the networking
you're pushing every day
and now we're starting to add very
specific
very specific things to our prep
so this week I need you to read about
string Methods and then you're going to
add them to a specific Anki deck for
your interviewing
right
or you're interviewing
and then I want you to do your code Wars
or your code challenges this weekend
all themed around strings so when you go
to do your code Wars this week you can
look up code Wars that are specifically
tagged as strings one of the things we
have to do is we start kind of getting
ready is not jumping around or bouncing
around different different types of
interviewing right we want to be doing
very specific problems we can focus on
and start to see the patterns
right so
go ahead and make sure that this week
you read about the strings that are here
in the slides you add all those methods
all the string Methods to your Anki
decks and then you do code Wars around
the strings no regex you want to
actually learn and practice these
methods each week we're going to have a
separate set of methods that we need to
get better at and then when it comes to
hunt Tober we're going to lean on those
methods and start building out to some
more complex structures right so we
start off with simple methods we get
better and better we add more and more
so by the time you're in hunttober you
have this breadth of methods that you
can dip back into for strings for arrays
for objects for all of that stuff
cool
this week strings
checklist I asked you to submit the
stuff for the checklist for months it's
been months we were on a break but it's
been months
and that checklist has a lot of stuff
that I asked you to do for your
professional skills uh so if you haven't
already done the checklist I believe
it's exclamation point list or actually
yeah simulation Point checklist in chat
exclamation point checklist in chat
that'll give you the link to the actual
checklist and that link
has everything that I need you to do
and what you will notice when you go to
this link
is that it was originally due in April
originally due in April
I did 10 coffee chats did 10 coffee
Chats on Monday and uh quite a few folks
are like Leon I haven't done the
checklist yet well guess what now you
got you got a week to get it done
everything that's on here
we have our portfolios we have the
resume we have our LinkedIn Sean you're
on here Sean's been holding some
phenomenal uh Twitter spaces if you
haven't checked them out check them out
uh GitHub Twitter everything you need to
be ready professionally for the job hunt
is on here
all right
make sure you have completed this and
guess what it's due
by August 30th
you got a week
you want to be part of hunttober
all right
team projects will be due on September
6th right we'll be due on September 6th
you will have time to learn how to add
authentication this and next week and
then we'll be working on a team project
next week your team project will be due
September 6th the beautiful thing about
the team project is that you're going to
be using the template right so you're
not starting off from zero you'll be
using the templates you're gonna be
adding modifying breaking adding just a
little bit to make it your own not the
Instagram clone a simpler project
wait blah your team project was only
friends that's awesome yeah
cool
Hit List do September 13th
I want 60 companies that you're going to
apply to 60 companies on your Hit List
eventually you will add five individuals
at each of those companies minimum of
three shooting for five at each of these
I don't need you to have all those
individuals yet I just need the
companies that you're gonna be targeting
on your list
you're all here to get jobs and we got
to find the jobs right so if you're
applying locally
you're going to be looking for jobs
locally you're applying globally you're
going to look up lists of companies that
are hiring globally if you're looking
for remote only you're going to find
lists of folks that are hiring remote
only and you're going to add them to
your Hit List my question to you
do you still want it
I felt hundreds of folks get jobs
hundreds hundreds of folks get jobs this
is how they do it
it's two weeks of a lot of catching up
and two months of a lot of work
at the end the end is worth it
all right
Hit List September 13th
if you haven't already gotten your
client signature remember I asked every
single one here to get a paid client
to volunteer for a Grassroots org or to
contribute to a free software open
source project
if you have not done that you have until
the 27th to do it
you do not get into hunt Tober without
having done one of those things
because we want to verify that you
participated in the program eventually
folks that are part of hunt Tober will
be eligible for references there's no
way I am being a reference without these
things
now
I've seen something going around
that does not count somebody opened up a
like make your first contribution to
free software and it was like just like
like open a pull request and I'll and
I'll approve it get out of here with
that that doesn't count find an actual
project contribute actual code get out
of here with that this is your first no
that doesn't get out of here
like what are you doing either get a
client contribute to a real project
or volunteer with a Grassroots
organization
they got got
until the 27th
great
also do the 27th I want a beautiful MVP
of your 100 hours project
beautiful MVP
MVP is a minimum viable product it means
that your 100 hours project is nowhere
near done but the core idea is there
the core idea is there and it looks good
because this weekend you could start
writing the ejs the HTML the CSS you all
have access to the MVC template you all
have access to the MVC template with
auth
already I've already linked it on the
Discord
there's no reason why you can't start
with that right now to start building
your 100 project and I need that mvp
like the core of it
done like the core idea like what you're
trying to accomplish looking good by the
27th
Hydra come back to the slides
I'll put in Discord probably not tonight
but yeah
and I need the hundred dollars project
done by the 11th of October
100 projects need to look good
if you can't make it look good use
bootstrap use a template
use something that somebody's already
made look good
11 premium apps also do by October 11th
don't worry about this one yet we have
to have a whole class on how to do this
but basically premium apps are like the
applications that you really care about
we put a little bit more effort into
those applications we're not there yet
so don't worry about this one yet but
know that's something that you're gonna
need to be thinking about
and know that hunt Tober is an everyday
thing
so
I'm asking a lot
but I'm giving a lot
I'm asking a lot but I'm giving a lot
Tober
we hunt
now you said you wanted it
now's their turn
to not take yourself out the game
now is your turn to lean in to go deep
to figure out whatever you got left in
the tank and put it on the field
it's time to carry some boats some logs
it's time to hunt
it's not called The Hunt because we kind
of just like we like laugh and like we
do interviews no
we go we eat people's lunch we hunt
and these are the things I need if you
want to participate in the hunt
together
I want a community of folks that are
lean mean interviewing machines that are
supporting each other for a focused
window of effort to get a job
so you do these things that I've asked
you to do
uh you will get added to special
channels on Discord where you will have
a community of folks that are serious
about getting a job that will be looking
at resumes portfolios that will have
special discussions that will meet every
day to do data structures and algorithms
to go through coding challenges that
will be able to talk through the
problems they're having in the hunt with
the goal of getting the job
you do these things
you get a job
and a lot of our classes right a lot of
our classes will be focused around
getting you ready for these different
pieces these different Bobs and making
sure that you are ready for the hunt
this is not a coding boot camp this is a
getting a job boot camp time to pay the
piper
it's time to get a job
cool
all right
um on top of all of this on top of all
of this uh you need to be keeping up
with your bank
right you need to be keeping up with
your Banky
you need to be practicing your
behavioral questions don't let your car
atrophy cause action result for all your
behavioral questions make sure you're
still working through those Banky
questions those technical questions
using EU explanation use example make
sure you're doing your coding challenges
every day and now your cutting
challenges should be a little bit more
targeted you should be doing string
problems this week everyone do string
problems this week next week it'll be
something different just getting us
ready
ready for the hunt
now
depending on how many folks we have in
Hunt Tober
there will be a culmination of an
interview with me
there will be a
for all the folks that complete this
work because it's a lot that go through
the whole process right if you submit
everything you get a reference right so
you sorry you get a verification right
uh when somebody says hey can you verify
that this person was a part of a hundred
devs I'm gonna be like all right did
they
did they check in all right did they
turn in the homework all right did they
submit their networking sheet all right
did they push every day all right did
they uh submit their checklist did they
submit their team project did they
submit their Hit List did they get a
client An approved pull request on open
source project or volunteer for a
freelancing client did they uh submit a
hundred hours MVP 100 hours completed
project that they do their premium apps
because if they did
there are [__] 100 devs graduate and
they will get verified I've hired
literally hired someone to help us do
these verifications so when a company
says Hey Leon was this person at 100
devs [__] yeah they were look at all the
[__] that they did we'll submit the
verifications and uh we'll make sure
that they knew that you were here
participating
can catch-up crew get verified that's
the goal the goal is to still build
these systems for folks that last for a
while now the downside is that it does
cost me money to do this so I got to get
this agency up and running because it's
not cheap to hire people to handle
thousands of verification requests from
hundreds of different companies right
hope you understand there's a lot of
stuff that's happening in the background
to make this work I will never take
money from students so don't even go
that route
um
yeah
uh so that that's something we got to
think about we got to get this agency up
and running
because it's a lot to do that right so
I say that because some people are like
why can't you just do verifications
without doing all this stuff there's no
way I'm saying that you were here if you
didn't do these things right
all right this is this is me feeling
yeah you did these things [__] yeah you
were here I know you're here I knew you
put in the work I'll do everything I can
to get you the the verification letters
whatever you need to help you with that
job application
now once we come through hunttober
there's a lot of stuff right
for folks that go through hunttober they
give me their all and they also want a
they want a reference like me picking up
the phone to talk to people on their
behalf well we'll do that as well
um we'll the folks that make it through
hunttober they'll have the opportunity
to do a final interview with me it'll be
a behavioral question it'll be some
technical questions it'll be quick
pseudo coding a coding challenge you
pass that I will get on the phone and be
your reference
so
it's a lot
I asked you in the beginning if you
wanted it
you said you wanted it now this is what
we need to do to hunt there's a lot but
this is what gets jobs
this is what gets Jobs been doing this
for a long time I don't care how good
you are at coding
I don't care how well you've done up
until this point you do these things
that I've asked you to do and you will
be at the level that you need to get a
job
questions
how can we help you we're going to talk
about that next week
I floated this idea last week and during
office hours called 100 maintainers
there's a lot of little projects that
are going to help this process go
smoothly and so we're going to need
folks that want to write some code to
help 100 devs and so I've been
recruiting some senior Engineers some
alumni that want to help lead projects
that'll help 100 devs and make this
process go smoother and something that's
maintainable for the future for the
catch-up crew so this is our first run
through a lot of this we're going to get
a lot of things wrong we're going to get
a lot of things right and we're going to
build systems that help all the folks
that come after us
uh what would count towards an open
source PR like an actual open source
project that you committed code to you
did something for that project yeah
boats and logs baby yep
are global companies remote by default
no at like so there are a lot of remote
companies that only hire folks from
certain countries so there are a lot of
remote jobs that will only hire people
from the US or like Canada right that's
not a global hiring company those are
two different things now there are lots
of companies that hire a global
Workforce but those are different yeah
being remote doesn't necessarily mean
that you could that they will hire
anyone from anywhere
oh would it contributing to 100
maintainers count as a proof PR yeah I
think that would count yeah why not
how do we go about getting a reference
before hunttober
um we well blah has been working on a
submission form
um for folks that have already met all
these things that I've asked you to do
um and we will be sharing that soon so
if you've already done all the things
that I need you to do for me to feel
comfortable getting on the phone and and
saying that you are like the bee's knees
um you'll be able to submit all that
stuff for for ahead of time
I'm a few classes behind uh Can I submit
that and catch up yep you have some time
to catch up we're also going to be doing
the uh full back-end review so if you're
like close you still have some time to
catch up
is Google doable without knowing
typescript angular yeah plenty of people
work at Google without knowing
typescript or angular but saying can I
can I work at Google is like saying can
I play for the Yankees right like maybe
you could walk out of high school and
play for the Yankees but most people
can't
and that's okay
don't ever let your dreams be dreams
though
lots of things you can do to make it
into those types of companies it's just
not something that I that I and
necessarily an advocate for because I
think it's it's unreal expectations for
folks
uh question is this the only hunt Tober
that will happen uh it's the only one
that we have planned for right now
um right now this is the only hottober
right like there's something special
about this being a live program uh we're
definitely committing to helping the
ketchup crew be like get verification
that they went through the program or
that they were at the hundred devs
agency so that's something we're
committing to for the long run but
another October we don't have it planned
yet but if we have another good group of
folks that want it then I will do it
yeah
right now we have a group of folks that
have been going through the program live
that all need a focused dedicated time
to get a job and so that's what I'm
going to help support
all the dates are on the slides you have
Malden slides I'm sure we'll eventually
put it in Discord but they're on the
slides for right now
uh our October classes weekend uh
weekend and week weekday only we'll be
meeting uh every weekday but there will
be stuff to do over the weekends so it
is like an everyday thing but the actual
voice calls will be Monday through
Friday uh and this goes without saying
like don't don't let me get in between
you and your God like a lot of folks
need to take that one day off a week
like you should be taking that one day
off weekly I'm expecting like six days
of code Wars not seven days of code Wars
if that makes sense
uh will it be different time zone calls
for October nope it'll be because we we
always have class at the same time
um so it'll be around the same time we
will probably have some groups that are
in different time zones that form
um last time we did Mega the mega month
we had a good group of folks that met
like earlier in the day and then a good
group of folks that met later in the day
so I think naturally will help that
organize
uh so the people that make it that don't
make it to hunt Tober won't learn about
data structures and algorithms no we
still have classes that'll be regular
class time on data structures and
algorithms but it won't be the learning
everyday type of uh practice like
learning data structures and algorithms
is one thing putting them into practice
is a whole different thing like if you
ever do any data structures and
algorithms course it's worthless because
you have to do it and you have to
practice it you have to put it into
practice you have to solve real problems
so we'll have a class on it but then
it's going to be on you to then practice
those data structures those algorithms
every single day and the cool thing
about hunttober is that we will be doing
that every day
uh can you still be in hunttober if
you're if you're no I hunt over to the
folks to get these things done I need to
be super focused on a core group of
folks that are ready to get a job right
like that that I just want to be focused
I want to be locked in I want to make
sure that the folks that are ready to
get the job I can help support there'll
be plenty of stuff after hunt Tober to
help folks specifically like in the
ketchup crew and stuff like that but I
want a group of folks that really want
it that really want to grind that really
want to go on the hunt
um that's what I'm looking for
uh the real ant asset the pr decided to
be for an actual project
not something like like not like a repo
that somebody says contribute to open
source by submitting a a PR like no like
like an actual real project
um
uh if you're still catching up yeah
you'd probably try to catch up like if
you want if you want this then you would
have to catch up in time yeah
uh gamer woman 3D send me a mod mail
please and then we'll we'll make sure
you get the the link
been here since day one I feel so
unready for this well that's the point
the point of doing the hunt Tober and
the mega month we did last time is to
focus folks right like I know it seems
like a lot I know that it's asking a lot
and I don't I don't do that lightly but
it's what a lot of folks need at this
point in time or else they kind of just
trickle along
and I don't want you to trickle along I
want you to get a job I'm not doing this
for my health I'm doing this because I
want you to get a job so I'm going to
try and focus to give a little bit of a
push as I can so that folks can focus
and actually get the job that they want
um you can you can do anything else you
want to trickle along but this is a
getting a job program and I want you to
do the things that you need to do to get
a job
and sometimes people need this push they
need this Focus that's what we're going
to do
can we go over at premium apps all right
we'll have a whole class in the premium
Maps it's basically just like the 10
companies
that you're most excited for you do more
for those applications you build like a
custom project for it
um you do you do a series of things that
will have a whole class on
um so it's just like it's like 10
companies that you're really excited
about and the extra things that you do
to make sure that your application
stands out at those companies but we'll
have a whole class on it so like I said
don't really stress about that one right
now it's I know that's 100 clear but
we'll have a class on it
when you said use a template for your
100 products what do you mean it means
that you should not be writing that code
from scratch you should be starting
probably with my MVC with off template
and building from there and then
probably bringing like other templates
so that it looks good
foreign
[Music]
with a small company doing WordPress
sites count as a client signature if
you're getting paid to be a developer it
counts yeah
how will being verified help me get a
job well a lot of companies want like if
you say that you're a software engineer
at 100 devs they're going to want to
verify that you were actually in our
training program here at 100 does so if
you do these things then when you apply
to jobs you can say hey I was doing this
program at 100 devs and then we'll be
the ones that'll say yep they were here
they did everything they did all this
work and we'll we'll return their
verifications
if the company is not hiring should we
put it on The Hit List no you don't want
to put companies you can actually get a
job at on The Hit List so yeah that
would you'd want you want them to be
hiring
is there a limit of people going into
October
um no but we'll see uh I have a feeling
that it'll it'll thin a little bit
um that's not what I want to have happen
but that's what happens when you ask
people to focus for a little bit right
not everyone will have the privilege of
time to focus in and if you can't
participate in October like that's okay
all the classes are still like you still
have class you still have all the things
that you could be doing to get a job
it's just I want to light a fire
underneath the folks that are ready to
start getting the job right all my
classes already on YouTube all of last
cohorts already on YouTube you can go
through that at your own pace but I want
a a small contingent of folks or not
small as big as it can be of folks that
are like ready to actually go on the
hunt the whole reason I do this is to
get people jobs and so I want to be that
little bit of a push to get folks actual
jobs instead of people just trickling
along not doing the things that they
know they need to be doing to get a job
this will help Focus folks and actually
get a job
how much time do I have to catch up all
the dates are in the slides
what if someone can't catch up well
that's what the catch-up crew is for you
keep going on at your own pace
class still continues like normal like
we still have a lot of classes to do
live it's just October is going to be
like a special space on Discord and a
special bit of focus from me
Neko why wouldn't you get verification
if you've been doing everything
very so just be very very clear we are
working on building systems for folks to
be verified no matter when they complete
the program
that's the goal
how long I can continue to do that I'm
not sure because it takes a lot of time
money and effort to do that but that's
the goal is try to build those systems
what if life happens in October when we
miss a few things communicate
communicate communicate communicate
uh so we when you verify do you get the
nft yeah that's kind of the goal is that
we wanted to do something fun for
graduating uh basically all of these are
also the requirements for graduating
right like you do all these things you
graduate
um we've been talking about like doing a
graduation nft and some fun stuff around
that
um
[Music]
uh how does this work for people that
who already have gotten jobs do they
need verification no I mean if you get a
job right like none of this is required
right like a lot of folks like get jobs
without doing this right it's just if
you want these things right if these are
things that you want
um that you do this stuff yeah
oh
all right just see if there's any more
questions in here we'll have office
hours this Sunday too so if there's
things that you're worried about or
things that come up as you start
thinking about this timeline
um on on Sunday
um
uh on Sunday you can come we'll have
more time to answer these questions uh
Leon I've had horrible experiences with
networking working with teams in the
past my goal is to find a job where I
wouldn't have to work with others is a
coding job out of the question yeah I
mean it's it's hard a lot of Engineers
really don't work in isolation they work
as a team they work building products
together that's that's kind of hard the
cool thing is that a lot of these jobs
are remote now and like your contact
with people can be minimized there are
also people that are individual
contributors and like are really good at
what they do and they kind of interact
with folks less but coding is a is
really a collaborative career so that's
kind of hard but I'm sure there is
definitely jobs or opportunities that
fit the things that you're looking for
it's a huge base millions of jobs right
you'll find something that fits what
you're looking for
yeah freelancing is also a little bit
maybe different you're not working
necessarily in a team but for someone
um
[Music]
do certs help you with the job hunt
probably not no
very few ones maybe a few of the cloud
starts but even those not like nobody's
gonna hire you just because you have one
um as a software engineer at least
uh during October how much time do we
need to be live every day
um last time we did Mega month the calls
are about a half an hour each day
when we look at data structures in
September
is everyone building the same team
project
um that'll be up to your team last time
like I gave like a general prompt and
then people tweaked it to their their
wants um it's definitely better if you
do your own thing or at least your own
like your own variation of it so
I'll give you a general prompt and then
if your team wants to tweak it to your
desires you can definitely do that
cool
alrighty folks we're getting to the top
of the hour
um have you decided when the what time
the October discard calls will be uh not
yet once we know how many people and
who's gonna be in hunttober uh we'll do
a doodle to find like what is like the
best time for folks or at least the
closest time to helping the most folks
um so we'll kind of pick it closer to
the actual start
cool
all right kind of looking like some
questions that aren't related to The
Hunt that's okay
um but
there's a lot here right we we agree
that this was a lot uh and so your
homework is to start
go
start
why why are you still here
like like right now go
start
you could be working on your strings
you could be doing your code Wars you
could be finishing up your your
checklist
no raid
just start
you said you wanted it
now go and get it
we don't get got
we go
get